python main.py instancias_teste/scp41.txt > result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp42.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp43.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp44.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp45.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp46.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp47.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp48.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp49.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp410.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp51.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp52.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp53.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp54.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp55.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp56.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp57.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp58.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp59.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp510.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp61.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp62.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp63.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp64.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scp65.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scpa1.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scpa2.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scpa3.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scpa4.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scpa5.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scpb1.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scpb2.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scpb3.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scpb4.txt >> result_integer.txt
python main.py instancias_teste/scpb5.txt >> result_integer.txt